README.md, before:

# Immich Assets Exporter

## Project Objective
### Explorate a simple way to create redundant HDs and security backups from your Immich galery


## Project set up
### Edit the .env-example and add your [Immich API Key](https://api.immich.app/getting-started) and add your Server URL
### After that you will be able to run the code.
### You can run the tests file to check if you are able to access everything, is a simple way to test your permissions, can have some bug, anything let me know in the comments.
#
#
## Disclaimer
### Since the project is just starting this are the next steps : 
#### 1: Finish the v.0.1 and give the user permission to choose the local path to save the time_line_bucket and dowload it in a zip file ⌛
#
#
#
#
### The project is totally open source, can be used and cloned whatever you want, just give a star to my repository⭐

## This is an entire project written by a human, without AI Intervention. The Idea is study and practice research and code without AI.
#### Maybe copilot have written some commit descriptions... or Summary.... Well, maybe the AI had a 1% of participation :)

Commit message:

Update README with run instructions and project steps
Added instructions for running the Streamlit frontend and updated project roadmap.

README.md, after:

# Immich Assets Exporter

## Project Objective
### Explorate a simple way to create redundant HDs and security backups from your Immich galery


## Project set up
### Edit the .env-example and add your [Immich API Key](https://api.immich.app/getting-started) and add your Server URL
### After that you will be able to run the code.
### You can run the tests file to check if you are able to access everything, is a simple way to test your permissions, can have some bug, anything let me know in the comments.
## How to run
### After clone the project and set the env variables you can run the streamlit Frontend using the command from the root of project
```bash
python -m streamlit run screens/home.py
```
#
#
## Disclaimer
### Since the project is just starting this are the next steps : 
#### The very early v.0.1 is ready !! the capability of download a zip file from determinated timebucket is done, and below are the next steps for this project.
##### 1: Discover a way to download huge files in chunks  ⌛
##### 2: Add the capability of download assets by visibility status (archive, timeline, hidden and locked) ⌛
##### 3: Add the capability of download assets by album ⌛
#### ...
#
#
#
#
### The project is totally open source, can be used and cloned whatever you want, just give a star to my repository⭐

## This is an entire project written by a human, without AI Intervention. The Idea is study and practice research and code without AI.
#### Maybe copilot have written some commit descriptions... or Summary.... Well, maybe the AI had a 1% of participation :)
